Lexus introduced the updated SUV
gx460
appearance of the model has changed so much
significant that involuntarily want to call
her new same proportions the same body but
On the whole, in my opinion, just a car
transformed global change
in front
there is no old detail left
lean and bored and the face of the previous one
models changed to spectacular and
aggressive
new optics huge x-shaped grill
new integrated bumper radiator
fog new geometry and new
the sensations behind the change are not so
globally new form of bumper and
sidelight in which now placed
horizontally they are vertical like on
old model a little externally changed
taillights although their shape remained
the same but due to these not so
sweeping as front changes from behind
the car also looks where
more interesting
so jakes bring in full
compliance with new corporate
lexus style and in my opinion this is one of
the most successful restyling in the last
time in the cabin external changes
virtually no say for the better
side exchanged finishing materials
there is a new multimedia system
But if the salon had changed so much
noticeable as a car exterior
would definitely have called new
by model
give away and the appearance of the updated gx460 in
sale is not reported to all appearances
it will happen this year